Clean up `Community/Projects` and add `Community/Projects/Defunct projects` (#15062)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Community/Projects/Defunct_projects/en.md

# Defunct projects

::: alert-note

> **Note:** For the list of all functional projects, see [Projects](../)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** For the list of all projects that are currently in operation, see [Projects](../)
```
